Job Details

About Salesforce

Salesforce is the #1 AI CRM, where humans with agents drive customer success together. Here, ambition meets action. Tech meets trust. And innovation isn’t a buzzword — it’s a way of life. The world of work as we know it is changing and we're looking for Trailblazers who are passionate about bettering business and the world through AI, driving innovation, and keeping Salesforce's core values at the heart of it all.

Ready to level-up your career at the company leading workforce transformation in the agentic era? You’re in the right place! Agentforce is the future of AI, and you are the future of Salesforce.

We are looking for a lead Q3 engineer (LMTS) to help us build the next generation of products. You will be working with some of the best Q3s in Salesforce and will join a high-functioning team responsible for E2E testing and automating a platform that serves ~250 million unique visitors per month from around the world.


As a Lead member on the Salesforce Quality Engineering Team, you will use agile methodologies to plan, coordinate, and lead customer engagements that result in automated tests and guidance to product teams. We are looking for a critical thinker with a natural curiosity to learn our customers’ business, use skills to extract user scenarios from conversations and data and then translate your findings into automatable test plans which either you or a member of the team will automate.

A successful team member should have a strong quality approach and will ensure our customers receive high quality work. You will constantly find opportunities to share information and collaborate with other teams for the benefit of our customers, partners, and each other!

This position requires onsite presence in the Burlington, Mass office.
Key Responsibilities:

Independently design and deliver automation and automation frameworks for products with a quality mindset.

Master the Salesforce development process, culture, and codebase to drive improvements.

Create end-to-end, cross-cloud impacting, integration automation (API and UI) with complex organizations.

Provide oversight through code and design reviews for features delivered by other developers within the scrum team.

Participate in a Test Design Review Board for integration test plans within and across clouds, focusing on functional, business, complex scenarios, high-impact projects, usability, and accessibility.

Master cloud requirements (e.g., underlying tech stack, business usage, implementation).

Interface with product managers to understand real-life usage and build comprehensive test cases.

Execute testing with complex organization setups and varied data shapes.

Organize and drive cross-product testing initiatives.

Monitor product and/or feature-level quality health metrics (testability, test health, test coverage, etc.).

Work closely with senior developers, Product Managers, and UX to ensure features meet business and quality requirements.

Provide leadership and coaching to members of your scrum team, and mentor individuals on other scrum teams.

Advocate for customer enhancements.

Requirements:

9-15 years in software engineering, quality assurance/engineering, usability, or business analysis.

Highly proficient in Java, Python or Typescript and understanding of Object-Oriented Programming.

Proficient in scripting functional/UI automation tests using Serenity BDD or Selenium Webdriver & Java.

Proficiency with AWS, GCP, and/or Azure platforms.

Demonstrated ownership and operation of multiple instances of a mission-critical service.

Experience leveraging AI/LLM for testing and workflow automation (e.g., with CrewAI).

Experience with Agile development methodologies such as Scrum/Kanban.

Familiarity with open-source projects including Serenity BDD, Selenium, GitHub, Postman, Swagger, Spinnaker, Docker, and Kubernetes.

Excellent written and verbal communication skills with outstanding attention to detail.

Demonstrated ability to achieve stretch goals in a highly innovative and fast-paced environment.

Ability to triage issues, adapt to changes, work effectively with teams, and multitask across multiple products and projects.

Strong sense of ownership, urgency, and drive.

A related technical degree required.

Desired Skills:

Familiar with industry quality and usability practices.

Familiar with Jenkins orchestration.

Experience building test frameworks for creating applications on various platforms.

Unleash Your Potential

When you join Salesforce, you’ll be limitless in all areas of your life. Our benefits and resources support you to find balance and be your best, and our AI agents accelerate your impact so you can do your best. Together, we’ll bring the power of Agentforce to organizations of all sizes and deliver amazing experiences that customers love. Apply today to not only shape the future — but to redefine what’s possible — for yourself, for AI, and the world.

Accommodations

If you require assistance due to a disability applying for open positions please submit a request via this Accommodations Request Form.

Posting Statement

Salesforce is an equal opportunity employer and maintains a policy of non-discrimination with all employees and applicants for employment. What does that mean exactly? It means that at Salesforce, we believe in equality for all. And we believe we can lead the path to equality in part by creating a workplace that’s inclusive, and free from discrimination. Know your rights: workplace discrimination is illegal. Any employee or potential employee will be assessed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications – without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender expression or identity, transgender status, age, disability, veteran or marital status, political viewpoint, or other classifications protected by law. This policy applies to current and prospective employees, no matter where they are in their Salesforce employment journey. It also applies to recruiting, hiring, job assignment, compensation, promotion, benefits, training, assessment of job performance, discipline, termination, and everything in between. Recruiting, hiring, and promotion decisions at Salesforce are fair and based on merit. The same goes for compensation, benefits, promotions, transfers, reduction in workforce, recall, training, and education.

In the United States, compensation offered will be determined by factors such as location, job level, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Certain roles may be eligible for incentive compensation, equity, and benefits.  Salesforce offers a variety of benefits to help you live well including: time off programs, medical, dental, vision, mental health support, paid parental leave, life and disability insurance, 401(k), and an employee stock purchasing program. More details about company benefits can be found at the following link: https://www.salesforcebenefits.com.Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring, Salesforce will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
