About the job
Who We Are

At Car Shopping Store (NASDAQ: CARG), our mission is to give people the power to reach their destination. We started as a small team of developers 
determined to bring trust and transparency to car shopping. Since then, our history of innovation and go-to-market acceleration has driven 
industry-leading growth. In fact, we’re the largest and fastest-growing automotive marketplace, and we’ve been profitable for over 15 years.

What We Do

The market is evolving, and we are too, moving the entire automotive journey online and guiding our customers through every step. 
That includes everything from the sale of an old car to the financing, purchase, and delivery of a new one. Today, tens of millions of consumers 
visit Car Shopping Store.com each month, and ~30,000 dealerships use our products. But they're not the only ones who love Car Shopping Store—our employees do, too. 
We have a people-first culture that fosters kindness, collaboration, and innovation, and empowers our Gurus with tools to fuel their career growth. 
Disrupting a trillion-dollar industry requires fresh and diverse perspectives. Come join us for the ride!

Role overview

The Senior Engineering Manager, Cloud Enablement plays a key leadership role overseeing the Cloud Enablement function at Car Shopping Store, ensuring the delivery 
of secure, scalable, and efficient cloud infrastructure and platform services. The role is accountable for both the Cloud Enablement team with a specialized 
mission to provide robust foundational cloud services and empower product engineering teams with best-practice adoption, automation, and platform maturity. 
This leader will be responsible for guiding cloud governance, technical innovation, operational excellence, and enabling organizational cloud adoption, 
reporting to the Director of Cloud Platform & Reliability.

What you’ll do

Lead and mentor engineering teams responsible for foundational cloud infrastructure across development, staging and production environments.
Partner with product engineering teams and product leaders to direct the design, deployment, and operation of cloud native services and infrastructure, 
owning critical systems such as VPC, HCP, S3, EC2, Lambda, API gateway and other 3rd party tools.
Oversee the development and maintenance of Infrastructure as Code practices using Terraform, Hashicorp Cloud Platform, Github, etc.
Drive platform reliability, security posture improvement, and operational excellence through enablement as a center of excellence for cloud.
Manage team capacity, project delivery, and backlog across discretionary platform improvements.
Develop and reinforce a culture of innovation, experimentation, and collaboration while balancing operational excellence and reliability.
Foster cross-team partnerships with Product Engineering, SRE, Security, and DevOps to deliver shared platform capabilities.  

What you'll bring

4+ years of hands-on leadership experience managing high-performing infrastructure/platform engineering teams, ideally in AWS-centric environments.
8+ years total experience operating or managing Cloud, DevOps, SRE functions.
Demonstrated capability delivering cloud governance, cloud consulting, reliability, and scalability across enterprise production workloads.
Expertise designing and implementing Infrastructure as Code, modern CI/CD pipelines, Cloud FinOps and developer enablement tooling.
Deep understanding of cloud system architecture, and shared services for large-scale SaaS/web platforms.
Strong organizational, project management, and prioritization skills; adept at capacity planning and backlog management for platform roadmaps.
Excellent communicator: able to articulate vision, engage stakeholders, and drive consensus across engineering and product teams.
Experience shepherding teams through organizational change, promoting iterative improvement and supporting cloud adoption.
Track record fostering an environment of growth, innovation, and operational discipline.
