About the job
Dragos is on a relentless mission to defend industrial organizations that provide us with the necessities of modern civilization; running water, functioning electricity, and safe industrial working environments. As the market leader in ICS/OT Cybersecurity, we are dedicated to arming our customers with best-in-class technology, threat intelligence, and services to protect their systems as effectively and efficiently as possible. We’re a remote-first culture with operations in North America, Europe, the Middle East, and APAC. We’re looking for mission-oriented teammates who embody our core values of authenticity, transparency, and trust. Are you ready to make a difference? Come join a mission that can save the world!

About The Role

The Staff Quality Engineer will play a key role in ensuring the quality and reliability of the Dragos Platform by designing, implementing, and executing comprehensive automated and manual test cases for both on-prem and cloud environments. This individual will collaborate with cross-functional teams and contribute to the development of test cases in TestRail. In addition, the individual will be responsible for creating test strategies and test plans for a given Product Team.

Responsibilities

Work on a product team consisting of UI developers, back-end developers, a tech lead, a product manager, and data engineers.
Focus on delivery of value and quality for all the given Product Team focus areas within the Dragos Platform.
Develop test strategy, test topology and test plan to validate the solutions end-to-end at scale as it pertains to the Product Team focus areas.
Execute test cases and validate the solution end-to-end and document the test results, performance, and convergence results
Collaborate with Product Team members to review test strategies/plans for new features.
Debug and troubleshoot complex issues and work closely with the Product Team on the failures and validate the fixes
Develop automation for the end-to-end solution validation and integrate the automation for seamless validation

Qualifications

7+ years software test experience focused primarily on UI/backend manual and automation testing
Experience working with agile/scrum/product operating methodologies
Experience with Playwright highly desired
Strong knowledge of networking, Linux, UNIX, Kubernetes, Routers, Switches and security domain (Firewall, IPS, IDS)
Experience on automation framework with Python, Pytest or similar
Experience designing, building, and maintaining test environments (Both automation and manual testing)
Experience designing and implementing test cases for systems with REST APIs
Experience incorporating AI tools, models, or services into development workflows
Experience with Git or similar version control system
Experience with testing cloud-native/SaaS application stacks using automated tooling as part of CICD pipelines
